#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.15.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
babel==2.13.0
    # via sphinx
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
boto3==1.28.59
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.31.59
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.22
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-config-models==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-statici18n==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-waffle==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
doc8==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==8.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-redis==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
edx-token-utils==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==19.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-django-pyfs
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   twine
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
keyring==24.2.0
    # via twine
lazy==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
lti-consumer-xblock==9.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mysqlclient==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.14
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-django-pyfs==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
openedx-events==8.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
openedx-filters==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-token-utils
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.17.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
    #   xblock
readme-renderer==42.0
    # via twine
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   walrus
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.23.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.6.0
    # via twine
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   xblock-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
social-auth-app-django==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==3.28.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   responses
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
walrus==0.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
xblock[django]==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-utils==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
