#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.12.13
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pytest
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-yasg
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==38.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-filters
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-lint==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.0.4
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==15.3.3
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
lazy==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
lazy-object-proxy==1.8.0
    # via astroid
lti-consumer-xblock===6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mysqlclient==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-filters==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==2.5.4
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.15.6
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   xblock
python-slugify==7.0.0
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   xblock
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   xblock-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via responses
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
tox==3.27.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
types-toml==0.10.8.1
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.16.7
    # via tox
web-fragments==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via astroid
xblock==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-utils==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lti-consumer-xblock

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
